A long time ago, mankind was touched by the planet's anger,
and the world was engulfed in flames.
It was the Day of the Cataclysm.
The flames burned ferociously,
with an intensity threatening to incinerate the places mankind lived,
the languages they spoke, and the culture they had built up.
This is Yona.
Yes, that's right.
The crewmen from the 8th have been split up.
At the moment, the two of them are still quiet. It's just getting started.
Shinra Kusakabe and Commander Sho's second contact.
All as the Evangelist has declared. Látom.
Now then, I'm concerned about what's happening.
Off to where Commander Sho and Shinra are.
I'm here.
Don't sneak up and stand behind others like that, Haumea! You startled me!
Commander Sho and I are not the only ones who possess an Adolla Burst.
It seems like it's about to happen.
"Evangelist's Subordinate: Haumea"
It has been 198 years since the Solar calendar was instituted.
The Evangelist is pleased.
The Adolla Burst is the primordial flame.
It is called the Flame of Perdition, and is still considered a mystery.
But you are now seeing this via Adolla Link, aren't you?
This unusual land, with its black ground and countless flames rising from it.
This is the Adolla Burst.
Then, Adolla Bursts are flames from this other dimension?
How do I, ostensibly still on Earth, have something from this other dimension?
Because it is an energy that can affect all other things.
So then, what? You're saying that spontaneous human combustion
is caused by this strange world we're looking at now?
The Adolla Link... What exactly is this place?
This is the underworld of Adolla.
Those who witnessed this land anciently called it...
..."Hell."
Do you see who is behind me? This is the Evangelist.
You're the Evangelist?
You're the one who's using Sho to carry out human combustion?!
It vanished...?
Shinra-kun, are you okay? What's going on? Is something the matter?
Through the grace of the Evangelist,
I can affect all things.
Your Adolla Burst cannot measure up.
Yes, Commander Sho's ability...
It allows him to mess with the thermal expansion of the universe,
and stop time!
You can do that with an Adolla Burst?
He is correct. I steal the heat of expansion and stop time.
I don't care how fast you've gotten, Shinra,
if the benchmark of time itself is stopped, you'll never catch up to him!
Well, screw that.
It doesn't mean that I can just give up!
Damn it!
No matter how hard you struggle, you look like you're standing still to me.
You little brat...
It's no use! You can't beat him!
It is beyond you. You cannot catch me.
What was that?
You cannot beat me.
"You cannot this," "you cannot that." Put a sock in it.
You're a real sassy little kid.
What you can do is just once, be nice and call me "Big Brother"!
Aw, man, now I'm angry!
Just you watch! I'm going to catch you, right now!
Good luck, "Big Brother"!
Knock that off!
Now, let's continue our game of tag.
After all, you couldn't even toddle around 12 years ago.
This is pointless. A waste of time.
Go on, start running, Sho.
Your brother is "it," and he's going to catch you.
You've never played tag, have you?
Hitting the person who's "it" is against the rules.
I have no intention of playing along with your tomfoolery.
You really are a stuck-up brat!
I didn't come here just for the fun of it!
Sho, Big Brother is going to play with you!
He forced a Link with me...?
Shinra-kun, have you gotten even faster since we came down here?
So close. I went faster than I thought, and my timing was off.
What did you just...?
The reason why Sho's ability is so strong
must be because he has such a high-grade connection to the Adolla world.
An Adolla Link, huh? When my feet tingled, my speed increased.
Is that another effect of the Adolla Link?
The Evangelist... Who is it?
Are they even human, like us?
My Adolla burst will get stronger
if I receive the Evangelist's "grace" or whatever.
But how...?
Damn it...
I've had a number of Adolla Link experiences happen to me already.
There's no reason why I can't do it!
The way this is going, I can't hold out forever.
Severed Universe.
It's only a matter of time before you collapse.
Twice now, other people's emotions have found their way inside me.
Lieutenant Konro's plea for help...
...and Dr. Giovanni's bloodlust.
Those... must have been due to an Adolla Link.
Up to now, I've only been on the receiving end...
...but this time, I'm going to be the one charging in!
I'm telling you, an Adolla Burst without grace will do you no good.
I know!
Shinra-kun, you should get out of here! You're going to get killed like this!
Why, when you know it won't work,
do you just keep coming toward me?
The image of your face when you were little haunts me...
What is the significance of blood relations?
There is no connection at all between you and me.
I've been treated warmly by the superiors who are around me.
In that case, we have no choice but to believe it, as well.
We're going to form our strategy around the premise
that Shinra's brother is still alive.
Things had been weird ever since you got back.
The other companies ought not interfere with the 8th's matters.
I'm going to track down the Evangelist, too. Let me work with you.
Until you find something that's truly important to you, I'll count on you.
He's the only family you have. Make sure to keep him safe.
Rubbish.
And now, I'm going to hook you up with that kindness.
Look, Sho, to you, I'm nothing more than a guy who showed up out of nowhere.
But to me, you're...
After I lost you and Mom, I never thought I'd see you again.
"Just once again... If only I could see them once again..."
I've lived my whole life up to now thinking that.
I'm not just going to collapse that easily.
I can't afford to give up now!
Sho, thank you for still being alive.
You're like a miracle to me.
All I can do is keep going faster!
And nothing else!
What?
This is the motionless world.
Impossible.
He disappeared?
Another earthquake?
There sure have been a lot of them lately.
I'm getting a case of nerves in my nerves. I hope the 8th is all right.
Keep the chatter to yourselves.
"Lieutenant Priest" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Onyango"
Right.
I beg your pardon, Lieutenant Onyango.
Sorry to call you out of retirement.
What choice did you have, after Rekka went off?
Old soldiers can't afford to just fade away.
Is your right eye okay? Could this rash of earthquakes mean...?
I didn't want Shinra Kusakabe to find his way here.
Where did you go?
Do I return time to its normal speed?
No... It's too dangerous to go back without identifying his actions.
But I'm at my limit.
What?
O-Ouch... That was pretty fast.
I went right by you, huh?
When did you... How did you move all the way over there?
Maybe I'm getting awfully close to your speed.
Our game of tag isn't over yet. I promise you, I'm going to catch you.
Sho, what should we play today?
That image just now--was that an Adolla Link?
Tell me, how did you vanish a moment ago?
Hell if I know. I was just trying to go faster.
Shinra-kun disappeared from his world of stopped time.
He just tried to increase his speed, and disappeared?
When a body exceeds a certain speed, it can no longer withstand the shock...
...and self-destructs.
If it travels at ultra-high speed,
the body could break down into the invisible particle level...
But no, once a person splits apart, how would they come back together?
But then, Commander Sho is doing something as ridiculous
as cooling the universe, isn't he?
If they can affect all things,
then returning a divided body back the way it was is theoretically...
Who is this Evangelist who can make these things happen?!
Here I come.
I'll dilate the universe before he moves--
I haven't quite got control of this down yet, huh?
Commander Sho didn't react.
Could Shinra-kun have moved at him faster than the speed of light?
If a body exceeds the speed of light, it would send time backward.
Maybe after he splits,
his hyper speed reverts his own body back to before it split?
But if he moves about at that speed, it would create a black hole!
And if that happened, forget the Nether,
all of the Tokyo Empire would be wiped out!
Should I tell him?
Of course Shinra-kun isn't aware of this.
No... I'll be able to witness it. This is a scientist's dream!
I'm starting to get the hang of this.
You'd better dodge this one, or you'll be "it."
As long as I stop you before you move, it's not a problem.
I'm a bit surprised that you could force an Adolla Link,
but it isn't a big deal.
You've managed to let me stave off some boredom.
He's entered the motionless world.
Oh, I hit you!
How can this be? How did he come into a stopped world?
And with an Adolla Burst that lacks the Evangelist's grace?
It's the same as those times with Lieutenant Konro and Dr. Giovanni.
If my feelings are strong enough, I can connect with you, Sho.
You and the Evangelist are connected, right?
So, once I connect to you, I'm connected to the Evangelist, too.
You're saying you attained the Evangelist's grace through me?
It's finally happening, Haumea!
Mm-hmm.
The stirring of the Adolla Burst via an Adolla Link with the Evangelist.
One might call it... the awakening of a fourth generation.
While Commander Sho can control the universe's thermal expansion to stop time,
Shinra-kun stops time by moving at faster-than-light speed.
So our times are the same?
Bring it on.
I'm keeping my promise to Mom. I'm going to bring Sho back.
I've finally met up with him.
I am going to catch him!
I haven't got a clue what's happening. Haumea, can you see?
Hmm... more or less.
I wonder, for every word or two that we exchange,
how much are they fighting?
Not even I, who isn't human, can tell.
Which one of us was the last one to touch the other?
What are you talking about?
Our game of tag. Which one of us is "it"?
What nonsense.
Why are you so obsessed with me?! I am not your little brother!
What are you getting so agitated for? Rebellious phase?
Don't you show up out of nowhere and play at being my brother!
Hey, you, over here! Follow the sound of my clapping!
Oh, has your speed started to drop off?
Shut up. I can keep going.
Looks like you're close to being overheated.
It's over. You're coming with me to the Evangelist. Your flame is needed.
Damn...
Shinra-kun! This is bad! Don't fight him anymore! Stop!
If you get overheated while using your ability, there's no undoing the damage!
Listen to me, Shinra-kun! Every time you stop time, you split your body apart!
In other words, you're dead!
Dead, you say?
Your ability uses your flames to accelerate you to light speed, and stop time.
The shock of that happening breaks your body down to subatomic particles!
Accelerating even more, beyond the speed of light,
causes time to run backward!
Then your body goes back to the way it was!
If you get overheated in the middle of that,
you'll atomize and die, and might not be able to come back!
I won't be able to come back?
What's so funny? You're turning my stomach.
Back off. It's a nervous tic.
No, it's not. I'm not smiling out of fear.
I'm happy to be playing with you, Sho.
Stop coming in like it's nothing. It disgusts me.
No, Shinra-kun! You won't be able to come back this time!
Yes I will!
I'm not leaving Sho by himself anymore!
If I leave and leave Sho behind again, then I'm a failure as a brother!
"Episode 22: A Brother's Determination"
"To be continued"
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
He that used his claws on me
Uses the same claws to defend someone else
Weapons turn into both wounds and shields
Isn't that what life's about?
A secret known to none
For so long almost seems to disappear but never does
Been holding on to it
While spending a night in the fire
The more they're attracted, the more the ignorant laugh
What used to make up the universe until yesterday takes the helm
The entire range of emotions that breathes
Don't want to take away what I haven't even experienced
Look at the imaginations in my head and I'll go back to myself
Forcing right decisions on me is like a devil that eats me up
Don't get in my way anymore
I won't be killed by your ideals
"Next time"
"Episode 23: Smiles"